Portfolio-Write-Up
================
Fanyi Zeng
2022-05-05

### P1 COVID Trials

In my very first project, I analyzed a dataset of COVID-19 clinical
trials conducted around the world.

One interesting finding is that there are more female than male studies.
This might indicate that single-gender studies, especially female
studies, are emphasized and valued by the clinical research field.

### P2 Chocolate Bar Rating

In this project, I analyzed chocolate bar ratings and other information
(such as origin, cacao %, etc.).

Three Beligum branded and one Sao Tome (an African island nation)
branded chocolate bars have the lowest ratings. The two best chocolate
bars are from the Italian brand, Amedei. Background info: It is an
artisan chocolate company in the Tuscany region of Italy and is
considered among the finest chocolate manufacturers in the world. Fun
fact: they only have 33 employees in the company. I would love to try
their chocolates!

### P3 Dog Breeds

In this project, I analyzed dog breed ratings and traits.

In summary, there are roughly several “groups” of dog breeds: (the first
type and the second type are highly correlated, in fact)

the affectionate type, who are very lovey-dovey towards family and
everyone they know well; they are adaptable to changing living
environment; they are friendly to strangers and other dogs. They are
everyone’s best buddies.

the playful type, who like to play a lot, learn new tricks, be around
young children, and need a lot of physical as well as mental exercise on
a daily basis. They are bundles of energy.

the watchdog type, who are more cautious about the environment, more
wary of other dogs and strangers, less patient around young children,
drool more, and require more mental stimulation. They are loyal guard
dogs.

### P4 Baby Names

In this project, I analyzed trends in baby names.

A general trend is that, names that very extremely common (representing
a large %) in 1800 were much less dominant in 2017, perhaps because the
population has grown more and more diverse in terms of national origin,
race/ethnicity, religious belief, etc., which are factors that might
potentially affect how people choose to name their babies. The most
enduring girls’ name from 1880 to 2017 seems to be Emma, and boys’ names
are William and James.

### P5 Starbucks Drinks

In this project, I analyzed nutritional date of Starbucks drinks.

It should come as unsurprising that frapuccino, mocha, and hot chocolate
are the relatively unhealthy drinks in Starbucks. I am surprised to
discover that there are some healthier options such as brewed tea and,
of course, pure coffee. However, even the healthier tea and coffee
options don’t seem to have a lot of nutrients (low to no fiber). I would
suggest that Starbucks add vitamin info to the tea options to increase
marketability.

### P6 Netflix Titles

In this project, I analyzed Netflix productions up to 2020.

My primary findings are: 1. Although historically movies have been more
dominant than TV shows, in recent years Netflix seems to focus more on
TV shows. 2. The most prolific countries are US, India and UK. 3. Japan
and South Korea have significantly more TV shows than movies. UK is
about half and half. Other countries have significantly more movies than
TV shows, with India the most prominent followed by Egypt. Another
analytic article suggests that this might be the result of market
research that Netflix did in different countries. e.g., India has a
renown film industry (Bollywood).

### P7 Ikea Furniture

In this project, I analyzed Ikea furniture data. To be honest, there was
not a whole lot to explore. The data was scraped from their website. The
somewhat important finding is that more expensive items tend to be more
colorful (have more colors).

### P8 Spotify Albums

In this project, I analyzed popularity and traits of Spotify songs.

My primary findings are: None of the traits seem to be strong indicators
of popularity. Instrumentalness and energy are weak, negative
correlates, such that songs that are purely instrumental or high energy
are less popular.

Energy, acousticness, and loudness are strongly correlated with each
other. It is no wonder that higher energy songs are louder songs, since
loudness is one of the features of energy. An example of loud, energetic
songs is death metal. I suppose those songs are more likely to use
electronic sounds, which is the opposite of acousticness (using purely
instruments).

Danceability is moderately correlated with valence and weakly with
speechiness, such that songs that are more danceable are more positive
and has more rap.

### P9 Thesis Study 1

In my study 1, I used attachment dimensions (attachment anxiety and
avoidance) to predict the choice of strategies to cope with typical
interpersonal conflicts in general close relationships (parent-children,
partners, friends).

To cope with interpersonal stress, more anxiously attached individuals
are less likely to use positive reappraisal, i.e., to change their
perspectives of a stressor from negative to positive. More avoidantly
attached individuals are less likely to use relational savoring, i.e.,
to reflect on pleasant memories of the relationship to feel more secure.

### P10 Thesis Study 2

In my study 2, I examined how attachment dimensions affect attitudes
towards strategies (probability and perceived effectiveness of use) and
actual behaviroral choice among the strategies. Study 2 corroborated
study 1 by providing more evidence that more avoidantly attached
individuals prefer the choice of positive distraction to the choice of
relational savoring to cope with more recent, specific interpersonal
conflicts that took place between them and their close others.
